Project Code name - Cora                                                       
                                                                                
License - MIT                                                                  
This program is opensource, meaning, free to use, edit, and distribute.        
Brought to you by Brennan McCown (clu3bot on github)                                         
Project start date - Feb 28th 2021                                         
Public Beta release date -                                                     
                                                                                
No Responsibily Disclaimer:                                                    
                                                                                
Cora is a proof of concept tool to make easy of use of various tasks related   
to network security, bluetooth security, and hardware.                          
This program is in beta and bugs should be anticipated.                        
Brennan McCown (clu3bot) and affiliates take no responsibily for any damage    
caused by this program. Including, but not limited to:                         
Damage to computer devices (i), Personal Computers(ii).                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
Any use of this program (iii) is intended for educational purposes only.       
The  foundation, employees/partners of clu3bot, github Contributors,           
and other third parties included, will not be held                             
accoutable or responsible for any misuse of this program (iii).                
The end user of this program (iii) is responsible for understanding            
and acknowledging his/her local laws as well as regulations regarding          
all FCC (Federal Communications Commission) laws and regulations.              
                                                                                
In regards to errors and omissions, Brennan McCown takes on no obligation      
to ensure this program (iii) from operating as intended or without error.      
This software is provided 'as is'.                                             
                                                                               
** i.) Any electronic device the does or does no connect the internet.         
** ii.) Any electronic device used for personal or business.                   
** iii.) Cora framework and all programs and files included within.            
                                                                                
Do not remove this file.                                                     
Cora Version 1.0-, Brennan McCown (clu3bot) 2021                           
                                                                                
